Elder Lei, you have endured it for three years
But Lin Fan was still silent
Is it time?
Small can't bear to be messy
Elder Lei
What do you have to worry about now?
There is such a presence behind you
If you are not crowned king at this time, when will you wait?
Big chapter
No, something big happened
What's the hurry?
Don't you know we're having a meeting with Elder Lei?
What is the decency of panic?
Long boss
Something really big happened
What's the matter?
Elder Lei
You, your, our Xueyumen driver, elder.
Your adopted son news
In Jiangdong, I have to train with the Qiao family
What did you kill?
So what's going on?
I-I don't know.
At that time, Xuemei returned to its roots
Guo Rongkang is here
Xiao Dan may have said this time
Dan guesses that
The Qiao family will follow up once.
The king of blood rain who has been missing for 3 years
The King of Blood Jade has reappeared in the world
Elder Li, the king of blood rain reappears in the world
What should we do?
Well, he's not going to settle with us.
At this time
Are you still going to be crowned king?
What are you afraid of, Elder Li?
You've got a plan.
There's no one-size-fits-all solution.
I will only be crowned king rashly
Blue Dragon
You rush to Jieyang
Over there, I have already sent someone to attack Lin Fan
Yes!